Hello everyone, my name is Zezina Kristina and today I want to speak about “Ways to prepare to your trip to Qatar”
I think you already know that literally in 2 weeks the FIFA World Cup will begin in Qatar.
This is a very serious event that requires careful preparation, so let's imagine that we are such big football fans that we are already running to buy tickets to get to this event!
The first thing to think about is how to get to the venue.
The fastest and most optimal route is an airplane.
The pleasure is not cheap.
What is your guess, how much do plane tickets from St. Petersburg to Doha and back cost approximately? 
About sixty thousand rubles.
It takes about 9 hours to fly to the capital of Qatar.
But for thrill-seekers, there is an option to go by car.
Russia and Qatar are connected by a land border, so you can get there by car in 3 days, but you will have to spend on fuel, for the entire route there and back, about sixty thousand rubles will also come out.
Be prepared that the places for stamps in a foreign passport may suddenly run out
Well, we decided not to suffer, bought plane tickets, and started packing.
In total, we have 20 kg of luggage and 5 kg of hand luggage, so you need to take only the most necessary. 
Let's remember that Qatar is an Arab country and it's hot all year round.
During the Championship, the average temperature will be 27 degrees, but in St. Petersburg it is 0 degrees, so you need to take the appropriate clothes for both countries.
Well, we took a jacket, a cap, slates, and winter boots, now we need to think about technical equipment. 
Look at the slide and tell me which of the above is the most necessary for a long trip to an unfamiliar country. 
That's right! Things are almost collected; we will finish the rest a little later.
You need to think about the cultural program, because the final is at 6 pm on Sunday, and planes only go on weekends, you will have to live in Qatar for a week.
When planning a walk around Doha, it is impossible not to look at the Corniche embankment, there are very beautiful views from it. 
Then we will walk to the Museum of Islamic Art.
This incredible museum has the most extensive collection of Islamic art in the world, collected from three continents.
There is so much in it that we are unlikely to be able to see even the most important exhibits in one visit.
If we move on, we will reach the famous pearl-shaped monument with a fountain, which is very popular with fans of bright selfies.
Before oil was discovered on the territory of Qatar, it was the extraction of pearls that was one of the main sources of income in the region, so it is still valued by residents today.
We visited, we will walk 3 blocks and go to the National Museum of Qatar.
The exhibits are dedicated to the history and heritage of the country, and are designed to glorify its past, present, and future on the world stage: three chapters "The Beginning", "Life in Qatar" and "Modern History of Qatar".
And finally, leaving the museum, you need to catch a boat and go to Banana Island.
It is a crescent-shaped island with blue waters, tropical plants, and a golden beach 800 meters long.
Do not forget that we came for football, so when planning a trip to Qatar, it is worth considering that this country has a very strict mentality, and it is worth familiarizing yourself with the rules of visiting.
Look at the slide, are there any rules that seem strange for you?
That's the end of our training camps in Qatar for the World Cup, I hope you have remembered something for yourself that you will consider during a long trip to the southern country.
(Yes, you ride like this every week, right?).
Thank you for your attention
